README.md, before:

# Games-Sales-Analysis

This repository contains an analysis of video game sales data.

## Files

- `Gamess.pbix`: Power BI file containing the visualizations and analysis of the video game sales data.
- `vgsales.csv`: CSV file containing the raw data of video game sales.
- `README.md`: This file, providing an overview of the repository.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Open the `Gamess.pbix` file in Power BI to view the visualizations and analysis.
3. Use the `vgsales.csv` file for any additional data analysis or processing.

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/Games-Sales-Analysis.git
    ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
    ```sh
    cd Games-Sales-Analysis
    ```
3. **Install any required dependencies** (if applicable):
    - If there are any dependencies or libraries required for additional analysis or processing, list them here along with installation instructions.

## Data

The `vgsales.csv` file contains the following columns:
- `Rank`: The ranking of the game based on sales.
- `Name`: The name of the game.
- `Platform`: The platform on which the game was released.
- `Year`: The year the game was released.
- `Genre`: The genre of the game.
- `Publisher`: The publisher of the game.
- `NA_Sales`: Sales in North America (in millions).
- `EU_Sales`: Sales in Europe (in millions).
- `JP_Sales`: Sales in Japan (in millions).
- `Other_Sales`: Sales in other regions (in millions).
- `Global_Sales`: Total worldwide sales (in millions).

## Analysis

The analysis in the `Gamess.pbix` file includes:
- Sales trends over the years.
- Top-selling games and genres.
- Sales distribution across different regions.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Add screenshots section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Games-Sales-Analysis

This repository contains an analysis of video game sales data.

## Files

- `Gamess.pbix`: Power BI file containing the visualizations and analysis of the video game sales data.
- `vgsales.csv`: CSV file containing the raw data of video game sales.
- `README.md`: This file, providing an overview of the repository.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Open the `Gamess.pbix` file in Power BI to view the visualizations and analysis.
3. Use the `vgsales.csv` file for any additional data analysis or processing.

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/Games-Sales-Analysis.git
    ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
    ```sh
    cd Games-Sales-Analysis
    ```
3. **Install any required dependencies** (if applicable):
    - If there are any dependencies or libraries required for additional analysis or processing, list them here along with installation instructions.

## Data

The `vgsales.csv` file contains the following columns:
- `Rank`: The ranking of the game based on sales.
- `Name`: The name of the game.
- `Platform`: The platform on which the game was released.
- `Year`: The year the game was released.
- `Genre`: The genre of the game.
- `Publisher`: The publisher of the game.
- `NA_Sales`: Sales in North America (in millions).
- `EU_Sales`: Sales in Europe (in millions).
- `JP_Sales`: Sales in Japan (in millions).
- `Other_Sales`: Sales in other regions (in millions).
- `Global_Sales`: Total worldwide sales (in millions).

## Analysis

The analysis in the `Gamess.pbix` file includes:
- Sales trends over the years.
- Top-selling games and genres.
- Sales distribution across different regions.

## Screenshots

Here are some screenshots of the analysis:

1. ![Screenshot 1](path/to/screenshot1.png)
2. ![Screenshot 2](path/to/screenshot2.png)
3. ![Screenshot 3](path/to/screenshot3.png)
4. ![Screenshot 4](path/to/screenshot4.png)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
